1. How would you describe the concept of "state"?
A way for React to remember saved values from within a conmponent.
This is similar to declaring variables from within a component,
with a few added bonuses (which we'll get to later)

2. When would you want to use props instead of states?
Anytime you want to pass data into a component so that 
component can determine what will get displayed on the 
screen.

3. When would you want to use state instead of props?
Anytime you want a component to maintain some values from within
the component. (And "remember" those values even 
when React re-renders the component)

4. What does "immutable" mean? Are props immutable? Is state immutable?
Unchanging. Props are immutable. State is mutable.

1. You have 2 options for what you can pass in to a state setter 
function(e.g. 'setCount'). What are they?
a. New value of state
b. Callback function - whatever the callback function returns === new value of state

2. When would you want to pass the first option (from answer above) to the state setter function?
Whenever you don't need the previous value of state to determine 
what the new value of state should be.

3. When would you want to pass the second option (from answer above) to the state setter funciton?
Whenever you DO need the previous value to determine the new value of state.
 

1. What is "conditional rendering"?
When we want to only sometimes display somthing on the page based on a 
condition of some sort.

2. When would you use &&?
When you want to either display something or NOT display items

3.When would you use a ternary?
When you need to decide which thing among 2 options to display

4. What if you need to decide between > 2 options on what to display?
Use an 'if...else if...else' conditional or a 'switch' statement.




Spread Operator Example:
The JavaScript spread operator (...) allows us to quickly
copy all or part of an existing array or object into another 
array or object.

let array = [1, 2, 3, 4]
let array2 = [5, 6, 7, 8]

let combinedArray = [...array, ...array2]